[LIBTR26]
;0x0556ED9D=Bobby Jefferson is to visit Liberty City as part of a Federal crackdown on organized crime
0x0556ED9D=Bobby Jefferson is to visit Liberty City as part of a Federal crackdown on organized crime

;0x0B5851DC=FIB rule no foul play
0x0B5851DC=FIB rule no foul play

;0x263F8104=Jefferson Coming To Town To Address Gang Crime
0x263F8104=Jefferson Coming To Town To Address Gang Crime

;0x270F04E1=Former Secretary of Security Enforcement, Bobby Jefferson, is coming to Liberty City from the nation's capital in order to give an address on the topic. Mr. Jefferson commented, "While the Mafia has been a constant parasite on the earnings of honest city workers, they are a known entity. We don't know how far this new breed of criminal will be willing to go in order to make a buck. Police are going to have to move quickly or this problem will get completely out of control." Liberty City, you have been warned.
0x270F04E1=Former Secretary of Security Enforcement, Bobby Jefferson, is coming to Liberty City from the nation's capital in order to give an address on the topic. Mr. Jefferson commented, "While the Mafia has been a constant parasite on the earnings of honest city workers, they are a known entity. We don't know how far this new breed of criminal will be willing to go in order to make a buck. Police are going to have to move quickly or this problem will get completely out of control." Liberty City, you have been warned.

;0x9446A27A=Tony J Smith
0x9446A27A=Tony J Smith

;0x9EB43E51=Multi-millionaire Russian businessman, Eduard Borodin, died in a tragic helicopter accident just south of Algonquin earlier. After Borodin's attempts to purchase a section of Middle Park had been blocked by the Mayor, he was flying around Liberty City in order to scout out a location to build a megamansion. Disaster struck and the helicopter plunged into the water. Many witnesses on the shoreline reported seeing a mysterious second helicopter apparently firing at Mr. Borodin's. Tourist Molly Jenkins of San Fierro stated that she saw, "these flashes of light like missiles come out of the other helicopter. Then the one in front, it just burst into flames."
0x9EB43E51=Multi-millionaire Russian businessman, Eduard Borodin, died in a tragic helicopter accident just south of Algonquin earlier. After Borodin's attempts to purchase a section of Middle Park had been blocked by the Mayor, he was flying around Liberty City in order to scout out a location to build a megamansion. Disaster struck and the helicopter plunged into the water. Many witnesses on the shoreline reported seeing a mysterious second helicopter apparently firing at Mr. Borodin's. Tourist Molly Jenkins of San Fierro stated that she saw, "these flashes of light like missiles come out of the other helicopter. Then the one in front, it just burst into flames."

;0xA42B493F=Investigators for the FIB assure the public that there is no need to be alarmed. "Any witnesses who think they may have seen a second helicopter are just confused. It is merely an effect caused by light reflecting off the water. These 'flashes of light' are just a figment of their imagination. People are understandably nervous due to the raised terror threat." The Russian Consulate has accepted the FIB's ruling that the crash was an accident. No further inquiries will be made. Mr. Borodin had been in town to discuss buying the Liberty City Cocks.
0xA42B493F=Investigators for the FIB assure the public that there is no need to be alarmed. "Any witnesses who think they may have seen a second helicopter are just confused. It is merely an effect caused by light reflecting off the water. These 'flashes of light' are just a figment of their imagination. People are understandably nervous due to the raised terror threat." The Russian Consulate has accepted the FIB's ruling that the crash was an accident. No further inquiries will be made. Mr. Borodin had been in town to discuss buying the Liberty City Cocks.

;0xB4BD58A9=Russian Dead In Chopper Accident
0xB4BD58A9=Russian Dead In Chopper Accident

;0xD43FA14A=TJ Barry
0xD43FA14A=TJ Barry

;0xEC049AB2=Russian businessman dies in helicopter accident
0xEC049AB2=Russian businessman dies in helicopter accident

;0xEDAB121A=Organized crime in Liberty City is rampant once more. Dead bodies are washing up on the shores of the Humboldt River almost hourly. Who is to blame for this crime wave? Along with the Mafia and biker gangs, law enforcement are suggesting criminal gangs comprised of Russian and Eastern European immigrants are causing havoc in the otherwise law-abiding Hove Beach communities where they reside.
0xEDAB121A=Organized crime in Liberty City is rampant once more. Dead bodies are washing up on the shores of the Humboldt River almost hourly. Who is to blame for this crime wave? Along with the Mafia and biker gangs, law enforcement are suggesting criminal gangs comprised of Russian and Eastern European immigrants are causing havoc in the otherwise law-abiding Hove Beach communities where they reside.

