[LIBTR41]
;0x0AD78C89=We lived for months in a city divided. Some of us loved it. Bridge and tunnel types in the city were no more. It was great. You could go out again on a Saturday night. You felt important, like you were living in a war zone, only nothing bad happened. You thought of yourself as a survivor. Then they took it all away. They callously opened the bridges. The city returned to normal. I for one had nothing to talk about. Now the city is still a mess, only its issues are too complex for me to grasp. One urban planner has suggested that, given the chronic traffic and crime problems in the city, the best thing to do would be to close the bridges and tunnels again. I for one agree. I need something to talk about.
0x0AD78C89=We lived for months in a city divided. Some of us loved it. Bridge and tunnel types in the city were no more. It was great. You could go out again on a Saturday night. You felt important, like you were living in a war zone, only nothing bad happened. You thought of yourself as a survivor. Then they took it all away. They callously opened the bridges. The city returned to normal. I for one had nothing to talk about. Now the city is still a mess, only its issues are too complex for me to grasp. One urban planner has suggested that, given the chronic traffic and crime problems in the city, the best thing to do would be to close the bridges and tunnels again. I for one agree. I need something to talk about.

;0x10781219=Hospital Hell
0x10781219=Hospital Hell

;0x19F72A8C=Tony J Smith
0x19F72A8C=Tony J Smith

;0x2B551654=Open Bridges Proving Too Popular
0x2B551654=Open Bridges Proving Too Popular

;0x559E6758=A state's witness has been murdered at Westdyke Memorial Hospital
0x559E6758=A state's witness has been murdered at Westdyke Memorial Hospital

;0x577F1A7C=The Air Sol pilot who reportedly downed six gin-and-tonics, five whiskies and a tequila worm before and during a two-hour flight from Vice City to Francis International has apologized for the drunken antics that put the lives of 212 passengers at risk. He told reporters, "I'm sorry if anybody was frightened. We always have a little loosener on the plane but I was trying to impress the new airhostesses and may have got a little carried away when I exposed myself and said 'grab the stick honey.' Normally we leave this kind of thing for the staff lounge after work. I'll never mix my spirits again." The 48-year-old Broker resident has been suspended from flying for two weeks by Air Sol and has told friends that he is enjoying his time off.
0x577F1A7C=The Air Sol pilot who reportedly downed six gin-and-tonics, five whiskies and a tequila worm before and during a two-hour flight from Vice City to Francis International has apologized for the drunken antics that put the lives of 212 passengers at risk. He told reporters, "I'm sorry if anybody was frightened. We always have a little loosener on the plane but I was trying to impress the new airhostesses and may have got a little carried away when I exposed myself and said 'grab the stick honey.' Normally we leave this kind of thing for the staff lounge after work. I'll never mix my spirits again." The 48-year-old Broker resident has been suspended from flying for two weeks by Air Sol and has told friends that he is enjoying his time off.

;0x643D3BEC=Staff Writer
0x643D3BEC=Staff Writer

;0x7826ACA7=A source close to the mob tells us that the witness's death is a big blow to the state's case against Pegorino, "Anthony was Jimmy P's personal bodyguard. If he took to the stand there wasn't no chance of Jimmy seeing daylight ever again. Now, they're screwed." The District Attorney, however, has other ideas, "We're working hard to put a case together against these lowlifes. Mr. Corrado was just one piece of the puzzle, albeit an important one." Corrado had been in the custody of the state for over a week. It is thought that the stress of betraying Pegorino and his cohorts was too much for him as he suffered a heart attack soon after agreeing to testify. Police are searching for the hitman and any possible links between the murder of their witness and Jimmy Pegorino.
0x7826ACA7=A source close to the mob tells us that the witness's death is a big blow to the state's case against Pegorino, "Anthony was Jimmy P's personal bodyguard. If he took to the stand there wasn't no chance of Jimmy seeing daylight ever again. Now, they're screwed." The District Attorney, however, has other ideas, "We're working hard to put a case together against these lowlifes. Mr. Corrado was just one piece of the puzzle, albeit an important one." Corrado had been in the custody of the state for over a week. It is thought that the stress of betraying Pegorino and his cohorts was too much for him as he suffered a heart attack soon after agreeing to testify. Police are searching for the hitman and any possible links between the murder of their witness and Jimmy Pegorino.

;0x8597EBBD=The pilot who endangered passengers' lives while drunk in the air, has apologized for his behavior
0x8597EBBD=The pilot who endangered passengers' lives while drunk in the air, has apologized for his behavior

;0xB68DA807=Traffic worse than ever. Should we re-close the bridges?
0xB68DA807=Traffic worse than ever. Should we re-close the bridges?

;0xBE14B882=A state's witness under heavy guard by both the LCPD and the FIB has been killed in the Westdyke Memorial Hospital. The witness Anthony Corrado had been expected to testify against suspected Alderney mob boss Jimmy Pegorino.
0xBE14B882=A state's witness under heavy guard by both the LCPD and the FIB has been killed in the Westdyke Memorial Hospital. The witness Anthony Corrado had been expected to testify against suspected Alderney mob boss Jimmy Pegorino.

;0xD775696F=Witness assassinated
0xD775696F=Witness assassinated

;0xE4B6F734=Half-Hearted Apology From Half-Cut Pilot
0xE4B6F734=Half-Hearted Apology From Half-Cut Pilot

;0xFD4D401D=TJ Barry
0xFD4D401D=TJ Barry

