[LIBTR48]
;0x0547CA7E=Eunux Says "No Girls Allowed"
0x0547CA7E=Eunux Says "No Girls Allowed"

;0x0B9E907B=One disgruntled fanboy, blogging from his parents' basement in Broker, told the Liberty Tree, "Girls aren't allowed to touch Eunux. Just like I don't want to get on a plane with a female pilot, I don't want some chick messing around with my source code. We deliberately create ugly interfaces and make it as hard as possible to install programs in order to discourage women. First they start drinking beer and now this. Is nothing sacred any more? What next, a female president? I've tried speaking to girls in real life but all they do is laugh at me. I hope her kernel explodes." Many are already drawing parallels between this story and the female plumber who was run out of a San Andreas town last year.
0x0B9E907B=One disgruntled fanboy, blogging from his parents' basement in Broker, told the Liberty Tree, "Girls aren't allowed to touch Eunux. Just like I don't want to get on a plane with a female pilot, I don't want some chick messing around with my source code. We deliberately create ugly interfaces and make it as hard as possible to install programs in order to discourage women. First they start drinking beer and now this. Is nothing sacred any more? What next, a female president? I've tried speaking to girls in real life but all they do is laugh at me. I hope her kernel explodes." Many are already drawing parallels between this story and the female plumber who was run out of a San Andreas town last year.

;0x32A733BA=Mob Boss, Jon Gravelli, alleged head of the Gambetti crime family, died peacefully in his sleep last night. Mr. Gravelli, 85, had been residing at the Schottler Medical Center for the last 3 years. Although some in the DA's office argued that this was a ruse to avoid a court case, Mr. Gravelli never left hospital after being admitted. Mr. Gravelli has been head of the Gambetti crime syndicate since 1978 and under his stewardship, the family had become the most powerful of Liberty City's crime families, rivaling the Pavano family. Although he had been indicted several times, Mr. Gravelli was never convicted of a serious crime. Some believed he had contacts within the government who protected him, and for whom he would get criminal associates to perform hits and other crimes, but these allegations were never substantiated. What happens now to the delicate balance of power amongst criminal gangs within Liberty City is unknown. It is unlikely to be pretty.
0x32A733BA=Mob Boss, Jon Gravelli, alleged head of the Gambetti crime family, died peacefully in his sleep last night. Mr. Gravelli, 85, had been residing at the Schottler Medical Center for the last 3 years. Although some in the DA's office argued that this was a ruse to avoid a court case, Mr. Gravelli never left hospital after being admitted. Mr. Gravelli has been head of the Gambetti crime syndicate since 1978 and under his stewardship, the family had become the most powerful of Liberty City's crime families, rivaling the Pavano family. Although he had been indicted several times, Mr. Gravelli was never convicted of a serious crime. Some believed he had contacts within the government who protected him, and for whom he would get criminal associates to perform hits and other crimes, but these allegations were never substantiated. What happens now to the delicate balance of power amongst criminal gangs within Liberty City is unknown. It is unlikely to be pretty.

;0x43B8C25B=The downside to sexism?
0x43B8C25B=The downside to sexism?

;0x4584508E=Staff Writer
0x4584508E=Staff Writer

;0x4D7B9194=Tony J Smith
0x4D7B9194=Tony J Smith

;0x6740FC42=Bum Hits The Jackpot
0x6740FC42=Bum Hits The Jackpot

;0x6B5E4FF9=The group of young, white, middle-class male virgins who make up the broad spectrum of the Eunux community has launched a hate campaign against a young woman in Alderney City who was discovered to have installed the open source operating system. The girl, who has asked not to be named for fear of an attempt on her life, is being relentlessly flamed in chatrooms by Eunux zealots across the country for having dared to step foot in the male-only world of open source software.
0x6B5E4FF9=The group of young, white, middle-class male virgins who make up the broad spectrum of the Eunux community has launched a hate campaign against a young woman in Alderney City who was discovered to have installed the open source operating system. The girl, who has asked not to be named for fear of an attempt on her life, is being relentlessly flamed in chatrooms by Eunux zealots across the country for having dared to step foot in the male-only world of open source software.

;0x803F03E5=A homeless Vietnam veteran, Jerry Kapowitz, has stumbled upon a haul of diamonds valued at over $2 million. They were in a small pouch amongst the rubble and trash at the Liberty City dump. Mr. Kapowitz had been living near the dump and surviving off of things he salvaged from there. "Before this, the best thing I'd found was a TV and that didn't even work," he told reporters. Mr. Kapowitz plans to take his newfound wealth down to Vice City where he will start a gun shop and liquor store, "They're real men down there and they need real guns and liquor in one convenient location." Mr. Kapowitz's ownership of the diamonds was immediately contested by over 100 people. Mayor Ochoa decided that it would be impossible to verify the claims so allowed Mr. Kapowitz to keep all of the proceeds from the diamonds' sale.
0x803F03E5=A homeless Vietnam veteran, Jerry Kapowitz, has stumbled upon a haul of diamonds valued at over $2 million. They were in a small pouch amongst the rubble and trash at the Liberty City dump. Mr. Kapowitz had been living near the dump and surviving off of things he salvaged from there. "Before this, the best thing I'd found was a TV and that didn't even work," he told reporters. Mr. Kapowitz plans to take his newfound wealth down to Vice City where he will start a gun shop and liquor store, "They're real men down there and they need real guns and liquor in one convenient location." Mr. Kapowitz's ownership of the diamonds was immediately contested by over 100 people. Mayor Ochoa decided that it would be impossible to verify the claims so allowed Mr. Kapowitz to keep all of the proceeds from the diamonds' sale.

;0xA6C3C0FC=Staff Writer
0xA6C3C0FC=Staff Writer

;0xB19DD462=Mob Boss Dies Before Trial
0xB19DD462=Mob Boss Dies Before Trial

;0xC3E1C3DD=Jon Gravelli cheated justice for the final time, passing away peacefully in his hospital bed
0xC3E1C3DD=Jon Gravelli cheated justice for the final time, passing away peacefully in his hospital bed

;0xE4DD2A4A=Finds diamonds sleeping rough
0xE4DD2A4A=Finds diamonds sleeping rough

;0xF356A135=What will this mean for organized crime in LC?
0xF356A135=What will this mean for organized crime in LC?

