[LIBTR13]
;0x0881505B=Motor-cycle of violence continues
0x0881505B=Motor-cycle of violence continues

;0x20E5B220=Recently, Billy Grey, leader of the Alderney chapter of The Lost biker gang, was released from a rehabilitation center. Members of the community were shocked that Mr. Grey got off with such a light sentence after his crimes and that he is now back on the street. During his period inside, biker crime in Liberty City had dwindled to almost nothing. However, in recent days, new skirmishes have broken out making police think that old scores are being settled. Reports have come in of shootouts and bike chases through the metropolitan area. The bodies of several suspected members of both The Lost and their arch rivals the Angels of Death have been recovered.
0x20E5B220=Recently, Billy Grey, leader of the Alderney chapter of The Lost biker gang, was released from a rehabilitation center. Members of the community were shocked that Mr. Grey got off with such a light sentence after his crimes and that he is now back on the street. During his period inside, biker crime in Liberty City had dwindled to almost nothing. However, in recent days, new skirmishes have broken out making police think that old scores are being settled. Reports have come in of shootouts and bike chases through the metropolitan area. The bodies of several suspected members of both The Lost and their arch rivals the Angels of Death have been recovered.

;0x366ADD2A=There's a war going on right here on our doorsteps. Everyone thinks that members of motorcycle gangs are friendly bearded rebels who want to take you for a ride. But there's more to that beard than meets the eye.
0x366ADD2A=There's a war going on right here on our doorsteps. Everyone thinks that members of motorcycle gangs are friendly bearded rebels who want to take you for a ride. But there's more to that beard than meets the eye.

;0x5A29A4AB=Was Judge Barry Griffin's sentence too lenient for this hardened drug trafficker? If anyone deserved to be put into a maximum security correctional facility, it was Billy Grey. His sentencing to a country club rehabilitation center is an insult to all of us on the side of law and order.
0x5A29A4AB=Was Judge Barry Griffin's sentence too lenient for this hardened drug trafficker? If anyone deserved to be put into a maximum security correctional facility, it was Billy Grey. His sentencing to a country club rehabilitation center is an insult to all of us on the side of law and order.

;0xB1C55A09=Biker Gang Chaos
0xB1C55A09=Biker Gang Chaos

;0xC053B5E0=The Lost cause more problems
0xC053B5E0=The Lost cause more problems

;0xDE78348F=Tony J Smith
0xDE78348F=Tony J Smith

