[LIBTR8]
;0x1A69BA88=Deputy Francis McReary is tipped as frontrunning candidate
0x1A69BA88=Deputy Francis McReary is tipped as frontrunning candidate

;0x347F759F=Deputy Police Commissioner Francis McReary has been speaking to reporters at the LCPD media day about becoming Commissioner next year taking over from the retiring Mitt Fitzsimmons. One of several possible candidates, McReary's tireless work for the community and even more tireless promotion of that work have seen him emerge as the leading contender for the city's most important law enforcement job.
0x347F759F=Deputy Police Commissioner Francis McReary has been speaking to reporters at the LCPD media day about becoming Commissioner next year taking over from the retiring Mitt Fitzsimmons. One of several possible candidates, McReary's tireless work for the community and even more tireless promotion of that work have seen him emerge as the leading contender for the city's most important law enforcement job.

;0x47339B0B=He grew up in a tough Dukes neighborhood, part of an unruly family that has had several brushes with the law, but McReary himself is a moral crusader who has put the difficulties of his background behind him in an effort to put personal experience to the common good. Crime is currently spiraling out of control in the city at the moment, and a tough hand on the tiller is what's needed. We wish him well!
0x47339B0B=He grew up in a tough Dukes neighborhood, part of an unruly family that has had several brushes with the law, but McReary himself is a moral crusader who has put the difficulties of his background behind him in an effort to put personal experience to the common good. Crime is currently spiraling out of control in the city at the moment, and a tough hand on the tiller is what's needed. We wish him well!

;0x48BBDD2F=Meth-od Policing?
0x48BBDD2F=Meth-od Policing?

;0x49D1B5C8=Dawkins won't take it lying down
0x49D1B5C8=Dawkins won't take it lying down

;0x4C2538DD=Tony J Smith
0x4C2538DD=Tony J Smith

;0x5243808A=His assistant, Officer Lenny Macelton, demonstrated, "After we made a few batches in front of local schools to show them the danger, Albert and I tried the drug. Soon you will find that you can't have normal sex," he explained. "Yes, and soon you really want to be dominated," Albert added. "When I don't have crystal dick," chuckled Macelton, "Nothing derails a good aggro fuck like crystal dick."
0x5243808A=His assistant, Officer Lenny Macelton, demonstrated, "After we made a few batches in front of local schools to show them the danger, Albert and I tried the drug. Soon you will find that you can't have normal sex," he explained. "Yes, and soon you really want to be dominated," Albert added. "When I don't have crystal dick," chuckled Macelton, "Nothing derails a good aggro fuck like crystal dick."

;0x6E82E8E8=Deputy Mayor Attacks Gays
0x6E82E8E8=Deputy Mayor Attacks Gays

;0x7D58CCD8=Michael Wayne
0x7D58CCD8=Michael Wayne

;0x8646FFFD=Michael Wayne
0x8646FFFD=Michael Wayne

;0x88A0ED48=In an effort to understand the growing meth threat to Liberty City, local narcotics agents have taken the mobile meth lab seized in the Steinway section and have it up and operational for educational purposes only. Agent Albert Thomas told reporters that law enforcement will not fully understand the threat they face unless they replicate the process of making and smoking the drug.
0x88A0ED48=In an effort to understand the growing meth threat to Liberty City, local narcotics agents have taken the mobile meth lab seized in the Steinway section and have it up and operational for educational purposes only. Agent Albert Thomas told reporters that law enforcement will not fully understand the threat they face unless they replicate the process of making and smoking the drug.

;0x93D2BB59=Dawkins causing controversy again with another assault on gay rights.
0x93D2BB59=Dawkins causing controversy again with another assault on gay rights.

;0x9DE71DA6=Controversial deputy mayor, Bryce Dawkins, has been causing offense again - and standing up for family values - in a speech yesterday that has outraged liberals and gay rights groups. Mr. Dawkins, who has long attacked what he terms "the culture of vice that grips our city like an addiction", has attacked gay and lesbian groups as "undermining the family values that make this nation great." He added, "These are the kind of people who make our enemies laugh at us, and are directly contributing to the security problems we all face. Civil rights activists called his comments "prehistoric" and "half witted, but what do people expect from a man called Bryce, whose parents were first cousins?" Mr. Dawkins was unavailable for comment.
0x9DE71DA6=Controversial deputy mayor, Bryce Dawkins, has been causing offense again - and standing up for family values - in a speech yesterday that has outraged liberals and gay rights groups. Mr. Dawkins, who has long attacked what he terms "the culture of vice that grips our city like an addiction", has attacked gay and lesbian groups as "undermining the family values that make this nation great." He added, "These are the kind of people who make our enemies laugh at us, and are directly contributing to the security problems we all face. Civil rights activists called his comments "prehistoric" and "half witted, but what do people expect from a man called Bryce, whose parents were first cousins?" Mr. Dawkins was unavailable for comment.

;0xD6BF7B49=Seized Mobile Meth Lab Now Run by Cops
0xD6BF7B49=Seized Mobile Meth Lab Now Run by Cops

;0xF9958ADE=Deputy Commissioner Aims for Top Job
0xF9958ADE=Deputy Commissioner Aims for Top Job

