[LIBTR38]
;0x0511583D=Clone Sex Not OK Say Police
0x0511583D=Clone Sex Not OK Say Police

;0x17ADF0EC=A gun fight was carried out between two helicopters as shocked residents looked on
0x17ADF0EC=A gun fight was carried out between two helicopters as shocked residents looked on

;0x1DBC7544=First in LC history!
0x1DBC7544=First in LC history!

;0x3BDDE574=Helicopter Battle In The Skies
0x3BDDE574=Helicopter Battle In The Skies

;0x430F7BC4=Staff Writer
0x430F7BC4=Staff Writer

;0x4628C837=Really, really NOT ok
0x4628C837=Really, really NOT ok

;0x52E89E5B=TJ Barry
0x52E89E5B=TJ Barry

;0x63393B46=Terrorists have struck again! Police responded to reports of gunfire at the old oil refinery in the Acter Industrial Park in Alderney and found the bodies of several men. Most of the men were identified as known associates of the Pavano crime family along with Pete Marchetti and Marco Bonnaro, both from Alderney. A N.O.O.S.E spokeman said that they are treating this as an act of terrorism and do not see any significant organized crime link, "The Acter Industrial Park is full of sensitive equipment and volatile chemicals. The terrorists were probably scouting for a target when they ran into these mobsters, a gunfight ensued and the terrorists fled the scene. A mobster is a patriot just like every other American; they were doing a duty for their country." Witnesses saw several cars fleeing the scene. One of them carried an injured person in the backseat. One man clearly had a foreign accent.
0x63393B46=Terrorists have struck again! Police responded to reports of gunfire at the old oil refinery in the Acter Industrial Park in Alderney and found the bodies of several men. Most of the men were identified as known associates of the Pavano crime family along with Pete Marchetti and Marco Bonnaro, both from Alderney. A N.O.O.S.E spokeman said that they are treating this as an act of terrorism and do not see any significant organized crime link, "The Acter Industrial Park is full of sensitive equipment and volatile chemicals. The terrorists were probably scouting for a target when they ran into these mobsters, a gunfight ensued and the terrorists fled the scene. A mobster is a patriot just like every other American; they were doing a duty for their country." Witnesses saw several cars fleeing the scene. One of them carried an injured person in the backseat. One man clearly had a foreign accent.

;0x648529E3=Liberty City Police have arrested Dr. Yahann Klietzel after raiding his laboratory and finding up to 6 clones of the doctor at various ages. Klietzel is charged with engaging in sexual relations with the clones, which range from 10 to 48 years of age. The 16-year-old Dr. Klietzel clone said, "We all love each other, all of us clones. We are not devious bastard children of the future. We are a family. Who are you to judge?"
0x648529E3=Liberty City Police have arrested Dr. Yahann Klietzel after raiding his laboratory and finding up to 6 clones of the doctor at various ages. Klietzel is charged with engaging in sexual relations with the clones, which range from 10 to 48 years of age. The 16-year-old Dr. Klietzel clone said, "We all love each other, all of us clones. We are not devious bastard children of the future. We are a family. Who are you to judge?"

;0x6B387280=Residents were frightened and feared a terrorist attack as a deadly helicopter battle played out over the skies of Liberty City. Deli owner Sal Robucci said, "I'm makin a fuckin sandwich, and all uh the sudden there's this fuckin racket, so I says to my boy Vinnie, yo, Vinchenzo, go see what the fuck that noise is. And he comes back in and says, 'Sal, there's two helicopters fighting in the fuckin sky,' and I say, 'Get the Fuck outta here Vinnie, you been smoking that shit, you're a pistol, you're funny, really funny. You stumbling mumblin little fuckin prick!' And I threw the knife at him and he ran outside. Man we have the best time. We make the best sandwiches. You want a good time and a good sandwich, make your way over to Sal's." Police say they are looking for clues as to the pilots in the helicopter battle. Anyone with tips is recommended to visit LibertyCityPolice.com with more info.
0x6B387280=Residents were frightened and feared a terrorist attack as a deadly helicopter battle played out over the skies of Liberty City. Deli owner Sal Robucci said, "I'm makin a fuckin sandwich, and all uh the sudden there's this fuckin racket, so I says to my boy Vinnie, yo, Vinchenzo, go see what the fuck that noise is. And he comes back in and says, 'Sal, there's two helicopters fighting in the fuckin sky,' and I say, 'Get the Fuck outta here Vinnie, you been smoking that shit, you're a pistol, you're funny, really funny. You stumbling mumblin little fuckin prick!' And I threw the knife at him and he ran outside. Man we have the best time. We make the best sandwiches. You want a good time and a good sandwich, make your way over to Sal's." Police say they are looking for clues as to the pilots in the helicopter battle. Anyone with tips is recommended to visit LibertyCityPolice.com with more info.

;0x9E87EDF3=Oil Terror Massacre
0x9E87EDF3=Oil Terror Massacre

;0xBEC9DCDC=Police looking for man with an accent
0xBEC9DCDC=Police looking for man with an accent

;0xFB83C466=Tony J Smith
0xFB83C466=Tony J Smith

