[PUBLB9]
;0x151F689A=S. Fiona Scott
0x151F689A=S. Fiona Scott

;0x22FB50EB=Racial profiling. Shootouts at southern border checkpoints. Skyrocketing tequila prices. The bloody side effects of the recent legislation pushed through by Border Agents Love Land Security are very clear. A group of wealthy civil liberties donors gathered recently in downtown Liberty City to discuss the problem. "People from other countries are simple, and as rich white liberals we must coddle them, treat them like babies, nurture them, patronize them. Not everyone is as sophisticated and well-educated as us, which really is a pity," said web 2.0 entrepreneur Clive Lettington.
0x22FB50EB=Racial profiling. Shootouts at southern border checkpoints. Skyrocketing tequila prices. The bloody side effects of the recent legislation pushed through by Border Agents Love Land Security are very clear. A group of wealthy civil liberties donors gathered recently in downtown Liberty City to discuss the problem. "People from other countries are simple, and as rich white liberals we must coddle them, treat them like babies, nurture them, patronize them. Not everyone is as sophisticated and well-educated as us, which really is a pity," said web 2.0 entrepreneur Clive Lettington.

;0x3DB252CA=bill blasted by wealthy liberals
0x3DB252CA=bill blasted by wealthy liberals

;0x41439FB8=We appear to have elected a fascist into City Hall. Worse, we have elected an idiot. Even worse, they are the same man. Deputy Mayor, Bryce Dawkins, made comments that would make your average village idiot blush when he attempted to link gay rights to global terrorism, economic collapse and America's supposed imminent downfall. His subsequent attempts to deflect the criticism show what an awful and pathetic little toad he really is. So the question is; how did this man get into a position of power? And the answer, of course, is big business.
0x41439FB8=We appear to have elected a fascist into City Hall. Worse, we have elected an idiot. Even worse, they are the same man. Deputy Mayor, Bryce Dawkins, made comments that would make your average village idiot blush when he attempted to link gay rights to global terrorism, economic collapse and America's supposed imminent downfall. His subsequent attempts to deflect the criticism show what an awful and pathetic little toad he really is. So the question is; how did this man get into a position of power? And the answer, of course, is big business.

;0x6F4D7BCB=Dawkins used connections in the market to leverage his way onto Ochoa's ticket by providing financing through contacts in the hedge fund world. Contacts who now ensure the city is run to support the rich and keep money out of schools and into government-funded spying programs through a complicated conspiracy I don't quite have the space to explain here. As usual, it's just another example of the big attacking the small and the rich using power systems to destroy the aspirations of the poor.
0x6F4D7BCB=Dawkins used connections in the market to leverage his way onto Ochoa's ticket by providing financing through contacts in the hedge fund world. Contacts who now ensure the city is run to support the rich and keep money out of schools and into government-funded spying programs through a complicated conspiracy I don't quite have the space to explain here. As usual, it's just another example of the big attacking the small and the rich using power systems to destroy the aspirations of the poor.

;0x9ED6AB0D=Candice Johnson
0x9ED6AB0D=Candice Johnson

;0xC200A38D=How did Dawkins sneak in the back door?
0xC200A38D=How did Dawkins sneak in the back door?

;0xE0C95994=Deputy Mayor Record of Bigotry
0xE0C95994=Deputy Mayor Record of Bigotry

;0xE2D1FEEF=Bordering on Racism?
0xE2D1FEEF=Bordering on Racism?

