[WEAZL14]
;0x03922A0C=In a statement issued today, Mayor Julio Ochoa suggested that he is considering succumbing to public pressure to reopen the bridges separating the Eastern Boroughs from Algonquin, despite the ongoing threat of terrorism. Commuter groups and government agencies are at war over the matter. Officials contend that anything that could be a target should be shut down by martial law. Mayor Ochoa has suggested the possibility of these bridges reopening despite the inevitable bloody consequences. Is this a fair price to pay for increased convenience?
0x03922A0C=In a statement issued today, Mayor Julio Ochoa suggested that he is considering succumbing to public pressure to reopen the bridges separating the Eastern Boroughs from Algonquin, despite the ongoing threat of terrorism. Commuter groups and government agencies are at war over the matter. Officials contend that anything that could be a target should be shut down by martial law. Mayor Ochoa has suggested the possibility of these bridges reopening despite the inevitable bloody consequences. Is this a fair price to pay for increased convenience?

;0x060958F9=The link between depression and terrorism is well known, with most terrorists also being depressives and vice versa. It's a natural consequence of the liberal hegemony and the decline in civil society since the 60s 'me' generation ruined our society and gave our enemies hope. Hope that I would crush out of them with a bomb, just as I would bomb all of those awful online dating sites and make people learn proper social skills and proper manners. This is a war America, and it's a war I intend to win. It's a war on cowardice, and it will be the subject of my next book.
0x060958F9=The link between depression and terrorism is well known, with most terrorists also being depressives and vice versa. It's a natural consequence of the liberal hegemony and the decline in civil society since the 60s 'me' generation ruined our society and gave our enemies hope. Hope that I would crush out of them with a bomb, just as I would bomb all of those awful online dating sites and make people learn proper social skills and proper manners. This is a war America, and it's a war I intend to win. It's a war on cowardice, and it will be the subject of my next book.

;0x12CD4846=Ochoa weakens on issue
0x12CD4846=Ochoa weakens on issue

;0x48E8D496=Facts Found
0x48E8D496=Facts Found

;0x52416778=The Mayor considers bending to pressure like a damn sissy
0x52416778=The Mayor considers bending to pressure like a damn sissy

;0x54BEA76E=Eugene White
0x54BEA76E=Eugene White

;0x786E47EB=I've written recently about the potential link between online dating and terrorism. Now sociologists warn of a new danger - depression. Apparently desperados cannot handle it when they discover the person they met at <a href="www.love-meet.net">love-meet.net</a> lied about themselves in order to hoodwink the unsuspecting into a date. What a surprise? Lie online? Who would have thought of that? I never have, because I'm a conservative and we don't lie, but I know most people do.
0x786E47EB=I've written recently about the potential link between online dating and terrorism. Now sociologists warn of a new danger - depression. Apparently desperados cannot handle it when they discover the person they met at <a href="www.love-meet.net">love-meet.net</a> lied about themselves in order to hoodwink the unsuspecting into a date. What a surprise? Lie online? Who would have thought of that? I never have, because I'm a conservative and we don't lie, but I know most people do.

;0xA84453B4=Bridge To Terror?
0xA84453B4=Bridge To Terror?

;0xD39E346A=John Chesapeake
0xD39E346A=John Chesapeake

;0xEA9491DE=Online Dating Causes Depression and Terrorism
0xEA9491DE=Online Dating Causes Depression and Terrorism

;0xEF6501B2=Weazel News doesn't think so. If he is foolish enough to open the bridges, he and the President should put out a very clear ultimatum. If Liberty City is attacked again, the United States will respond in kind. We will start throwing darts at a map and bomb any country we hit, only stopping when we feel satisfied. Arbitrary violence must be met with arbitrary violence.
0xEF6501B2=Weazel News doesn't think so. If he is foolish enough to open the bridges, he and the President should put out a very clear ultimatum. If Liberty City is attacked again, the United States will respond in kind. We will start throwing darts at a map and bomb any country we hit, only stopping when we feel satisfied. Arbitrary violence must be met with arbitrary violence.

