[WEAZL13]
;0x04913B40=It used to be about hitting her over the head with a club and dragging her back to your cave. Then it was about meeting her at the square dance. Then it was about doing blow with her in a bar until you had a drunken fumble outside. Now it is about online dating - it's the craze that has taken over Liberty City and the whole of America with people learning how to say "you don't look much like your photo" in a thousand different ways and discovering that when a stranger calls, it's not always a fairy tale. Some government officials worry that this rise in the virtual world and online matchmaking is about more than assuaging basic human loneliness. They believe it is about destabilizing the American family and letting terrorists into our country through the back door.
0x04913B40=It used to be about hitting her over the head with a club and dragging her back to your cave. Then it was about meeting her at the square dance. Then it was about doing blow with her in a bar until you had a drunken fumble outside. Now it is about online dating - it's the craze that has taken over Liberty City and the whole of America with people learning how to say "you don't look much like your photo" in a thousand different ways and discovering that when a stranger calls, it's not always a fairy tale. Some government officials worry that this rise in the virtual world and online matchmaking is about more than assuaging basic human loneliness. They believe it is about destabilizing the American family and letting terrorists into our country through the back door.

;0x0FB28553=By the time a person hits the age of 25, they have been molested at least 3 times say local officials. The problem is the Internet. For every college girl, there are 18 predators - often young men who will stop at nothing to contact them, chat, and lure them to study after school or go to a concert. But the intentions are not about studying at all says Health and Human Services Director, Thomas Piretta.
0x0FB28553=By the time a person hits the age of 25, they have been molested at least 3 times say local officials. The problem is the Internet. For every college girl, there are 18 predators - often young men who will stop at nothing to contact them, chat, and lure them to study after school or go to a concert. But the intentions are not about studying at all says Health and Human Services Director, Thomas Piretta.

;0x1DF821DE="These predators will make contact outside school, or even inside the school, and ask the girl to come over to their house or to a party where there is potentially alcohol served. The boys have one thing in mind - to get into those tight pants as soon as possible. They sit and just froth at the thought of that hot little tight red thong underwear. Uhhhh! It's, It's, horrible!" said Piretta.
0x1DF821DE="These predators will make contact outside school, or even inside the school, and ask the girl to come over to their house or to a party where there is potentially alcohol served. The boys have one thing in mind - to get into those tight pants as soon as possible. They sit and just froth at the thought of that hot little tight red thong underwear. Uhhhh! It's, It's, horrible!" said Piretta.

;0x2174C0DB=Eugene White
0x2174C0DB=Eugene White

;0x3079A77C=One government official who declined to be named for fear of "rocking the liberal apple cart" noted, "The rise in the popularity of online dating is proof that our enemies are winning. We should go back to old fashioned ways of meeting women, such as arranged marriages and barn building competitions. I've been divorced twice because I married the wrong women. The fact is; you shouldn't let a computer pick your wife. Computers are good for certain tasks, like aiming bombs, but not other ones, like raising kids. Every time someone finds happiness through a computer date, terrorism has won another battle." <a href="www.love-meet.net">Love-meet.net</a> and <a href="www.craplist.net">craplist.net</a> had no comment on the matter.
0x3079A77C=One government official who declined to be named for fear of "rocking the liberal apple cart" noted, "The rise in the popularity of online dating is proof that our enemies are winning. We should go back to old fashioned ways of meeting women, such as arranged marriages and barn building competitions. I've been divorced twice because I married the wrong women. The fact is; you shouldn't let a computer pick your wife. Computers are good for certain tasks, like aiming bombs, but not other ones, like raising kids. Every time someone finds happiness through a computer date, terrorism has won another battle." <a href="www.love-meet.net">Love-meet.net</a> and <a href="www.craplist.net">craplist.net</a> had no comment on the matter.

;0x6007E2BA=In all likelihood, yes.
0x6007E2BA=In all likelihood, yes.

;0x6ACC988E=The internet has been further perverting society...
0x6ACC988E=The internet has been further perverting society...

;0x76C7B053=Possible link to terrorism?
0x76C7B053=Possible link to terrorism?

;0x7A840233=John Chesapeake
0x7A840233=John Chesapeake

;0x86050F36=Sex Offenders With Your Daughter Right Now?
0x86050F36=Sex Offenders With Your Daughter Right Now?

;0xFC4F3553=Online Dating on Rise
0xFC4F3553=Online Dating on Rise

