[LIBTR17]
;0x3375C2D2=Staff Writer
0x3375C2D2=Staff Writer

;0x4575014E=Arson Spate In Broker
0x4575014E=Arson Spate In Broker

;0x4E406A7D=Following the massive rise in shootings recently in eastern Broker, police warned of a new danger lurking for residents - arson. Two buildings including a taxi garage were recently gutted by fire. Although two men were seen starting the fire with Molotov cocktails, no arrests have been made. We will stay with this story if we can find something interesting to say. In the meantime, be very suspicious of anyone buying vodka, matches and a gas soaked rag, but try not to panic. Local police were appealing for calm and also lots of snitches and widespread anxiety.
0x4E406A7D=Following the massive rise in shootings recently in eastern Broker, police warned of a new danger lurking for residents - arson. Two buildings including a taxi garage were recently gutted by fire. Although two men were seen starting the fire with Molotov cocktails, no arrests have been made. We will stay with this story if we can find something interesting to say. In the meantime, be very suspicious of anyone buying vodka, matches and a gas soaked rag, but try not to panic. Local police were appealing for calm and also lots of snitches and widespread anxiety.

;0x537CE641=Yet more arson attacks have taken place on buildings in Broker
0x537CE641=Yet more arson attacks have taken place on buildings in Broker

;0xA81EC7DD=Tony J Smith
0xA81EC7DD=Tony J Smith

;0xAB56A3D6=A gas, leather, and crystal meth-fueled war is raging on the streets of Liberty City. It isn't nations fighting but rival motorcycle gangs battling for control of the streets. Men have died in this war, like The Lost biker Jason Michaels who was killed in Broker recently. How long is it going to be before innocent civilians are killed as well? Mainly thanks to the Angels of Death and their public relations efforts, biker gangs have taken on a much more friendly image in recent years. They appear in family-friendly movies and are romanticized in video games and TV shows. They are thought to stand for a noble rebellion against the norms of society. Be warned, this image is just a smokescreen used to cover up their real criminal agenda - sleeping with your wife and selling meth to your kids.
0xAB56A3D6=A gas, leather, and crystal meth-fueled war is raging on the streets of Liberty City. It isn't nations fighting but rival motorcycle gangs battling for control of the streets. Men have died in this war, like The Lost biker Jason Michaels who was killed in Broker recently. How long is it going to be before innocent civilians are killed as well? Mainly thanks to the Angels of Death and their public relations efforts, biker gangs have taken on a much more friendly image in recent years. They appear in family-friendly movies and are romanticized in video games and TV shows. They are thought to stand for a noble rebellion against the norms of society. Be warned, this image is just a smokescreen used to cover up their real criminal agenda - sleeping with your wife and selling meth to your kids.

;0xBAF22DC7=Hell For Leather
0xBAF22DC7=Hell For Leather

;0xF506C251=More biker gang violence on the streets of LC
0xF506C251=More biker gang violence on the streets of LC

;0xF74923CE=Where there's smoke, there's crime
0xF74923CE=Where there's smoke, there's crime

