[LIBTR16]
;0x0BD4EFED=Suspected gay basher in Middle Park
0x0BD4EFED=Suspected gay basher in Middle Park

;0x270945F4=Staff Writer
0x270945F4=Staff Writer

;0x34AD3E34=Congress Split Over Same Sex Marriage
0x34AD3E34=Congress Split Over Same Sex Marriage

;0x419D4282=More stupid young men are putting their lives in peril
0x419D4282=More stupid young men are putting their lives in peril

;0x74D680FC=As if Middle Park was not dangerous enough, a suspected gay basher is on the loose. Several gay men have been attacked over the past weeks. Deputy Mayor Bryce Dawkins believes that this spree of beatings is down to a lack of family values. "Homosexuality should not be flaunted around parks where impressionable young children or I might see."
0x74D680FC=As if Middle Park was not dangerous enough, a suspected gay basher is on the loose. Several gay men have been attacked over the past weeks. Deputy Mayor Bryce Dawkins believes that this spree of beatings is down to a lack of family values. "Homosexuality should not be flaunted around parks where impressionable young children or I might see."

;0x86592401=Others have been more forthright. The Police Commissioner warned that, "This man is a repeat offender and must be stopped. Hate crimes have no place in our city, unlike financial fraud, insider trading, counterfeit goods, or political corruption." Suddenly, a walk in Middle Park doesn't sound like a good idea.
0x86592401=Others have been more forthright. The Police Commissioner warned that, "This man is a repeat offender and must be stopped. Hate crimes have no place in our city, unlike financial fraud, insider trading, counterfeit goods, or political corruption." Suddenly, a walk in Middle Park doesn't sound like a good idea.

;0x86ED0459=Race To The Death
0x86ED0459=Race To The Death

;0xA86B88BA=Hate Crimes in the Park
0xA86B88BA=Hate Crimes in the Park

;0xCD4BEF4F=Michael Wayne
0xCD4BEF4F=Michael Wayne

;0xD9DE1A4E=Brucie Kibbutz, the high-flying owner of Brucie's Executive Lifestyle Autos, is an expert on the street racing scene. "People come to my place to get their cars tricked out. They come to Brucie because his place is the best. He's genetically different! That's how he rolls.
0xD9DE1A4E=Brucie Kibbutz, the high-flying owner of Brucie's Executive Lifestyle Autos, is an expert on the street racing scene. "People come to my place to get their cars tricked out. They come to Brucie because his place is the best. He's genetically different! That's how he rolls.

;0xDFAF25F0=A group of young men are turning the streets of Liberty City into death traps. They meet in super-charged killing machines in order to race at insane speeds through city streets. In the world of illegal street racing, all that matters is the size of your stick, the smell of your leather, the garishness of your paintjob, and the sheen on your rims.
0xDFAF25F0=A group of young men are turning the streets of Liberty City into death traps. They meet in super-charged killing machines in order to race at insane speeds through city streets. In the world of illegal street racing, all that matters is the size of your stick, the smell of your leather, the garishness of your paintjob, and the sheen on your rims.

;0xE2F4AC7F=So, if you get your car tuned by Brucie, you're going to dominate. That is, unless you come up against him on the start line." When asked if Mr. Kibbutz endorsed this reckless endangerment of Liberty City residents, he refused to continue the interview and became enraged, hitting the wall of his garage repeatedly with his head. Do we have to wait until a sight-impaired elderly woman is struck by a testosterone-pumped gearhead like Brucie Kibbutz before this dangerously irresponsible street racing is brought under control? We hope not, Mayor Ochoa.
0xE2F4AC7F=So, if you get your car tuned by Brucie, you're going to dominate. That is, unless you come up against him on the start line." When asked if Mr. Kibbutz endorsed this reckless endangerment of Liberty City residents, he refused to continue the interview and became enraged, hitting the wall of his garage repeatedly with his head. Do we have to wait until a sight-impaired elderly woman is struck by a testosterone-pumped gearhead like Brucie Kibbutz before this dangerously irresponsible street racing is brought under control? We hope not, Mayor Ochoa.

;0xE3FB8F61=Tempers flared on Capitol Hill as Congress put aside health care and war legislation to discuss what is on everyone's mind - cocks. Specifically, man cock and another man with a dog collar. At times the debate centered on hot lesbian action, but conservatives defeated riders and focused on man-on-man debate. Politicians went at it fiercely into the night, tired and sore from hours of passionate exchanges. Legislation on same-sex marriage is expected soon.
0xE3FB8F61=Tempers flared on Capitol Hill as Congress put aside health care and war legislation to discuss what is on everyone's mind - cocks. Specifically, man cock and another man with a dog collar. At times the debate centered on hot lesbian action, but conservatives defeated riders and focused on man-on-man debate. Politicians went at it fiercely into the night, tired and sore from hours of passionate exchanges. Legislation on same-sex marriage is expected soon.

;0xE58B8053=Dangerous driving still cool
0xE58B8053=Dangerous driving still cool

;0xFA58D099=Tony J Smith
0xFA58D099=Tony J Smith

;0xFF99FECB=Should gay couples have the right to eventually get divorced?
0xFF99FECB=Should gay couples have the right to eventually get divorced?

