[LIBTR29]
;0x1BBBB045=TJ Barry
0x1BBBB045=TJ Barry

;0x1DE87E79=Massive explosion at Northwood fueling depot
0x1DE87E79=Massive explosion at Northwood fueling depot

;0x38F2D4D4=Little man, big temper
0x38F2D4D4=Little man, big temper

;0x43A8E8D5=N.O.O.S.E representatives are blaming terrorists for a massive explosion at a fueling depot in Northwood earlier, however not everyone is convinced. Having been criticized for their failure to tackle the rise in organized crime, some say this may be an attempt to divert attention. Those killed in the blast were known associates of the Ancelotti crime family and the warehouse itself was owned by Anthony "Tony Black" Spoleto, a senior Ancelotti capo also killed in the attack.
0x43A8E8D5=N.O.O.S.E representatives are blaming terrorists for a massive explosion at a fueling depot in Northwood earlier, however not everyone is convinced. Having been criticized for their failure to tackle the rise in organized crime, some say this may be an attempt to divert attention. Those killed in the blast were known associates of the Ancelotti crime family and the warehouse itself was owned by Anthony "Tony Black" Spoleto, a senior Ancelotti capo also killed in the attack.

;0x4773CA12=Foreigners to blame?
0x4773CA12=Foreigners to blame?

;0x80D57B7C=Mary Williamson
0x80D57B7C=Mary Williamson

;0x88477FEA=Fuel Depot Terror
0x88477FEA=Fuel Depot Terror

;0xE0DD85EB=Diminutive playboy and internet millionaire, Tony McTony, today announced plans to sue LC24 magazine because they had referred to him as Napoleonic. The bling-wearing little man is, he claims, five foot three. Napoleon, his lawyer points out, was only five foot two. Plus Mr. McTony objects to the idea that he has any complexes. He commented, "I am a complex man, but I aint got no complex - why should I when I am perfect? Complexes is for people who want to sleep with their mommas. I mean, I love my moms, but I never went there." We will keep you posted on developments down there.
0xE0DD85EB=Diminutive playboy and internet millionaire, Tony McTony, today announced plans to sue LC24 magazine because they had referred to him as Napoleonic. The bling-wearing little man is, he claims, five foot three. Napoleon, his lawyer points out, was only five foot two. Plus Mr. McTony objects to the idea that he has any complexes. He commented, "I am a complex man, but I aint got no complex - why should I when I am perfect? Complexes is for people who want to sleep with their mommas. I mean, I love my moms, but I never went there." We will keep you posted on developments down there.

;0xE114A3A6=While the target's mob links may just be a coincidence, sources close to the Liberty Tree suggest it is much more likely that Tony Black was hit because he acted as a conduit between the Ancelottis and the Albanian street gang they use as muscle. Either the street gang wanted to be taken more seriously and eliminated their employer, or another mafia family decided to take out the competition. Terrorists are not known for sticking around long enough to give their victims two in the back of the head, are they? Whether hitmen or terrorists blew up the warehouse, residents of Liberty City can be sure of one thing - this city is not safe.
0xE114A3A6=While the target's mob links may just be a coincidence, sources close to the Liberty Tree suggest it is much more likely that Tony Black was hit because he acted as a conduit between the Ancelottis and the Albanian street gang they use as muscle. Either the street gang wanted to be taken more seriously and eliminated their employer, or another mafia family decided to take out the competition. Terrorists are not known for sticking around long enough to give their victims two in the back of the head, are they? Whether hitmen or terrorists blew up the warehouse, residents of Liberty City can be sure of one thing - this city is not safe.

;0xF0B295EB=McTony Sues Over Napoleonic Slur
0xF0B295EB=McTony Sues Over Napoleonic Slur

