[PUBLB33]
;0x4C60C5AD=LCPD - New Scandal
0x4C60C5AD=LCPD - New Scandal

;0x5C19B67C=S. Fiona Scott
0x5C19B67C=S. Fiona Scott

;0x7339BFC3=Corrupt cop kills brother?
0x7339BFC3=Corrupt cop kills brother?

;0xB325799F=The Deputy Police Commissioner for Liberty City, Francis McReary, stood by while his brother Derrick was shot in Algonquin earlier. Some were shocked that a brother of a senior member of the LCPD would be the victim of a gangland execution, but not those that knew what the McReary family is really like. Derrick McReary, 52, had recently returned to the US from Ireland and was himself caught up in organized crime. Some believe he may have been trying to blackmail the Deputy Commissioner who himself saw his brother as a liability. Another brother, Gerald McReary, a known associate of the Alderney mob, was recently arrested on racketeering charges.
0xB325799F=The Deputy Police Commissioner for Liberty City, Francis McReary, stood by while his brother Derrick was shot in Algonquin earlier. Some were shocked that a brother of a senior member of the LCPD would be the victim of a gangland execution, but not those that knew what the McReary family is really like. Derrick McReary, 52, had recently returned to the US from Ireland and was himself caught up in organized crime. Some believe he may have been trying to blackmail the Deputy Commissioner who himself saw his brother as a liability. Another brother, Gerald McReary, a known associate of the Alderney mob, was recently arrested on racketeering charges.

;0xBC590C0A=This news organization was approached by two independent sources wishing to expose photographic evidence of Francis McReary's taking bribes. Soon after they made contact, however, both men were mysteriously murdered. One of these men was lawyer Tom Goldberg. Sources within the LCPD have alleged that McReary was willing to take justice into his own hands in order to get his department's case clearance level up. In the weeks leading up to his brother's death, this website had been attempting to get a comment from McReary on all of these accusations. He has so far not responded to our requests.
0xBC590C0A=This news organization was approached by two independent sources wishing to expose photographic evidence of Francis McReary's taking bribes. Soon after they made contact, however, both men were mysteriously murdered. One of these men was lawyer Tom Goldberg. Sources within the LCPD have alleged that McReary was willing to take justice into his own hands in order to get his department's case clearance level up. In the weeks leading up to his brother's death, this website had been attempting to get a comment from McReary on all of these accusations. He has so far not responded to our requests.

